You would mount a lidar on the roof for the farthest field of view,
but you mount a lidar on the roof it's not going to see
anything that's happening close to the vehicle down more to the bottom.
So to fill out the overall field of view of the senses of the vehicles,
you mount lidars in front, in the back,
or on the side depending on where you have gaps in the overall sense of coverage.
We have a bunch on the roof kind of for maximizing the field of view,
and we have some in the front and in the back to
really cover the other areas that are rooftop lidars would not see.
The relationship between the vertical field of view and the granularity, I think,
let's take the velodyne lidar where you
have a finite or a very discrete number of layed individual layers like 16 layers,
32 layers, 64 layers, and so on.
Usually, all of those lidars have the same vertical field of view,
expressing degrees, it's about 30 degrees.
If you have 30 degrees and 16 layers,
then you have two degrees spacing between the layers in the image.
Now, two degrees in about 60 meters,
you can hide a pedestrian between two layers.
So that limits your actually your resolution,
but it also limits in a sense how far you can see
because if you have no scan layer on an object,
then this object is invisible to the lidar.
So the more layers you have in this vertical field of view,
the finer the granularity is,
the more objects you can see,
and in a sense.
The farther you can see within the overall power range off the lidar.